Content/rates rebate research report (#295)
ServiceInnovationLab/serviceinnovationlab.github.io: _posts/2019-07-30-Rates-Rebate-Beta-Research-Report.md

## Outputs

### Synthesis

Once we had gathered all the data, we went through multiple steps of analysis and outputs. Because this activity was conducted in parallel with the Beta build, we were only able to implement improvements based on early insights immediately into the design of the service. Additional insights have surfaced as we have put the Beta online trial into production. It is hoped these can drive further improvements beyond Beta.

### The results from this research inform how we might

1. Help increase the uptake of the Rates Rebate
2. Improve customer experience and satisfaction levels
3. Decrease the cost of processing applications for councils
4. Improve the ability to digitally deliver this and other services to councils
5. Support the case to remove the statutory declaration (witnessed signature) requirement
6. Reuse these insights for other use cases that have similar customer profiles

> This report was produced in parallel with the [Rates Rebates Beta Recommendations Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10JO2XS1g-PYD26S4P8FjSMD6Q3tJB72vnw55vuatqWQ/edit?usp=sharing) which documents the key results of the trial, presents options for next steps, and makes a set of recommendations.

Reviewer: Can we link this to the toolkit version of the report once it is up please

Author: Sure, will change it :+1:

> This report was produced in parallel with the [Rates Rebates Beta Recommendations Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10JO2XS1g-PYD26S4P8FjSMD6Q3tJB72vnw55vuatqWQ/edit?usp=sharing) which documents the key results of the trial, presents options for next steps, and makes a set of recommendations.

Author: ```suggestion
This report was produced in parallel with the [Rates Rebates Beta Recommendations Report](2019/08/02/Rates-Rebates-Recommendations-Report/) which documents the key results of the trial, presents options for next steps, and makes a set of recommendations.
```
